Add qiskit.generic device that accepts instantiated qiskit backends. (#304)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-qiskit: CHANGELOG.md

### New features since last release

> * Added a `GenericDevice` (PennyLane device name: `qiskit.generic`) that accepts a backend

Reviewer: slight name preference: could we call it `RemoteDevice` instead? Same with the rest of the changes.
```suggestion
* Added a `RemoteDevice` (PennyLane device name: `qiskit.remote`) that accepts a backend
```
